Miss Xia
Don't look for me again
Miss Xia, what's wrong with you?
Oops save people
Help! Help!
Mom
Don't Call Me Mom
I didn't expect you to be so cruel
You didn't even let go of my first child
I don't understand what you're saying.
You still pretend to be me, right?
Miscarriage in the distance
My grandson is gone.
Mom, I respect you as an elder.
You hit me without willingness
But please explain clearly
What does it have to do with me that Yunchu's child is gone?
Why doesn't it matter?
Mother Wang has confessed that there are abortion pills in the soup
And you know what?
That abortion pill was meant for me
So, what about the soup?
I wish it were you, the broom star, who drank him
Mom
It's your grandson coming out to you.
Isn't it in my stomach?
I don't know what I did wrong.
Make you so biased against me
The mistake is that you are a broom star without a mother and money